Js update (#4)
learn-co-curriculum/phase-1-stitching-together-the-three-pillars: README.md

## Learning Goals

- Identify the three essential pillars of front-end web programming

> - Walk through implementing the three pillars in a simple web application

Reviewer: Identify steps to implement the Three Essential Pillars of Front-End Web programming in a simple web application.

> - Walk through implementing the three pillars in a simple web application

Author: ```suggestion
- Identify steps to implement the Three Essential Pillars of Front-End Web programming in a simple web application
```

working code yet. We're going to go through, step by step, find the code that
makes each step work, and demo it to see how it looks in the browser.

**Note:** If you see some code  in `demo.js` that doesn't make a lot of sense
yet, don't worry too much about it. The idea here is just to follow the sequence

> of events that happen when implementing the three pillars.

Author: ```suggestion
of events that happens when implementing the three pillars.
```
